Azhan
What the hell did you do?
It's not convenient for me to say this.
Anyway, no one will bully you again
Then you have to go to work well, Mom, and hold your grandson early.
OK
Mr. Shen, Maezhan
You said you were going to help me make an appointment with Lord Huang today
You won't forget, will you?
Is it an appointment?
Where shall we meet?
Golden Dragon Hotel Room 001
Why at the hotel?
Then how do I know?
Maybe the emperor sees that you like him so much
Willing to sacrifice for you
No way. He's a hero.
How could it be as wretched as you?
Hey, won't you know when you go?
Did you say what time?
The Emperor is busy
Only available at 9pm
I'll be there on time then.
Hello
Is there anything else?
Let me tell you what?
If you make out with the Jade Emperor
I will stop protecting you
Hmph, with the emperor, who still cares about your protection?
OK, we'll see.